I can't believe that I fell for it. I was so gullible! I went to a friend's house one night and she was bragging about how her online boyfriend and her were getting along so great. I was so jealous. I mean, I was happy for her but I was so lonely. My ex and I divorced years ago and I had major trust issues. I didn't want to meet anyone especially in person. I figured an online fling might be something that was easier. We'd both be anonymous.
One day on Facebook this really good looking guy hit me up. I usually just friend anyone and he was someone that had friended me. We started talking in messenger a lot, like every night. It was like we had time for no one else. He told me how he was going to take me to France and England. One thing led to another and we were showing each other pictures of things no one should ever see. You know, dirty pictures. He had one of the nicest physiques I had ever seen and he was good looking and my age. Plus, he was rich. He had pictures in his Maserati and his big house and all that.

I think it was about three months in when he said that his country was having problems on the internet and that I should download this app called TOR. I didn't know what that was but I knew it was available for my computer so I did. He said the message he was sending was the last one he could ever send me through a normal browser so I should use the link he sent me. I wish I could remember what the link was. It wasn't a normal link, it had a ton of characters and numbers and I couldn't get to it through Chrome, I had to use this other browser he was talking about. So I did.

Everything started normal. We were chatting and sending pictures to each other from this new website that looked like a social media website but it was on this weird link he sent to me. We still sent pictures back and forth and then he started telling me that he had been found out that he was using the other internet when he wasn't supposed to and told me that he had to pay them money and that his government had locked all of his banking accounts.

I really wanted to believe him. He showed me a link of how to send him some crypto. The crypto app was able to convert my us dollars to the crypto in the amount of $500 USD. We chatted for a few more days and then he said he needed $5000 more because he had to get out of his country and come to the USA. I asked how he was going to get a passport and he sent me a picture of one with his face and info so I believed him. I sent the 5K in crypto. It was about a week before I heard from him again. I was so scared for him. I waited night after night for him to call from the airport. Then I got a call from him supposedly from France. He said he had been in an accident and he was stuck in France. They wouldn't let him leave unless he paid his hospital bill. He sent a picture of him in the hospital and he was all bandaged up. I was crying, I was so scared for him. So I sent what he requested. I cleared out my savings and sent about $25,000. I know, I was crazy. I didn't have anything left. I didn't hear from him for about 3 weeks and I figured I probably got scammed but then, from that site I got another message from his account in all caps:

YOUR BOYFRIEND IS BEING HELD HOSTAGE. WE WILL KILL HIM IF YOU DO NOT SEND $50,000 USD. They sent a picture of him beaten up and tied up in a chair. I didn't have that much money. I was so scared. I begged and cried, pleading with them not to do this because I didn't know what to. They said I should take a loan out against my home. So I did. I took out a mortgage of $250K and sent them 50K. They then said there was interest and it wasn't enough by the time I got the money to them and they needed $50K more. They sent another picture of him even more beaten. I sent them the money. I was so stupid. I should have gone to the FBI. Then, a few days later, I was told to send more. I sent all of it. It was all I had. I sent them the rest of the mortgage money.

A few days later the feds came to my door asking what I knew about a specific terrorist organization. They said I was sending money to a group of unfavorables in Nigeria. These weren't just your normal Nigerian scammers, these were people tied to terrorism. I showed them everything and I wasn't arrested. Thank God they believed me.

A few days later I received postal mail from Florida. It was a bubble envelope. When I opened it, there was an ear inside and a bloody letter telling me I better send the money or it will be my ear next. I have no more money to send. I have already lost my house. I had to sell it to keep up with the mortgage.

They sent me a I sent all of that to the police who then gave it to the feds. They monitor my mail, but still cannot tell me who or where the packages are coming from. Every day I get pictures of body parts sent to my email saying it is from my boyfriend and that they are running low on pieces. Sometimes I even get the pieces in the mail.

One day the feds came knocking on my door and told me the pictures of my boyfriend were fake and that he was a ring leader of a scam organization that sends money to the terrorist groups. They said the body parts sent to me so far were of different people and none were from my boyfriend. That he was scamming me and other women for money all along. They showed me how to do a reverse image search on google to see if the images were real and how to trace an IP address and email address. They showed me how if these scammers were real such as checking their links on Facebook to see if it had the same name or if their friends list were friends in the same age and demographics group as the person would be in if he was really who he said he was. Honestly, though, I will never have another online boyfriend again.

Please, stop falling for these people. They are using my money for bad things I just know it. I don't know who these body parts belong to, but they're real.